Add the Security WG google group (#7)
ros-security/community: README.md

> The Security Working Group has a few communication channels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Catch the announcements on ROS Discourse using the [`wg-security` tag](https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-security)
* Chat with us in the [Matrix room](https://matrix.to/#/!LcRLnAIRWjSCfZmMeD:matrix.org?via=matrix.org)
* Tag us on Github using @ros-security-wg
* Email us on the [ROS Security Working Group mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-security), which is used as a point of contact to reach the WG (e.g. when we get mentioned on GitHub)

All these venues are public and everyone is welcome to join any/all of them
```
(This is also meant to replace the lines below until the next section)

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: 8b4d11b should capture these--I also shifted this list to third person to be consistent with the rest of the document.

* ROS Discourse using the [wg-security tag](https://discourse.ros.org/tags/wg-security)
* Chat using a [Matrix room](https://matrix.to/#/!LcRLnAIRWjSCfZmMeD:matrix.org?via=matrix.org)

> * Join the [ROS Security Working Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-security) on google groups

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Join the [ROS Security Working Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-security) on google groups, which is used as a point of contact to reach the WG (e.g. when we get pinged on GitHub).
```

> * Join the [ROS Security Working Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-security) on google groups, which is used as a point of contact to reach the WG (e.g. when we get pinged on GitHub).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Join the [ROS Security Working Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-security) on google groups, which is used as a point of contact to reach the WG (e.g. when we get mentioned on GitHub using @ros-security-wg).
```

Pushing the previous suggestion a little further: why not include the way to tag us on Github as well?
Not sure if it deserves its own bullet so I left it as part of this one

Reviewer 2: Not sure why I didn't think of that :facepalm: . Thanks @mikaelarguedas!

> * Join the [ROS Security Working Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-security) on google groups, which is used as a point of contact to reach the WG (e.g. when we get mentioned on GitHub using @ros-security-wg).

Reviewer 2: Sorry @SidFaber, but on second thought I think this should be rephrased a little now. More of a "if you want to get notifications,  join the google group" instead of a "join the google group in order to be a member" type thing.

```suggestion
* An easy way to contact the Working Group as a whole is by sending an email to the [ROS Security](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ros-security) Google Group (you don't need to join it to send an email to it). This group also gets an email when the Working Group is mentioned on GitHub using @ros-security-wg. Consequently, this is a good group to join to get those emails.
```

EDIT: @mikaelarguedas's is better.

Author: Updated in 8b4d11b
